About page content:
KiwiDrive mission statement: To improve New Zealand road safety knowledge in 
youth aged 15-24.

Teenagers and even those aged up to 24 are the most involved in car accidents, 
despite being the smallest group of road users. According to the New Zealand 
Ministry of Transport, 3,427 car crashes in 2023 involved a young driver 
between the ages of 15 and 24. A whopping 83% of those crashes were the direct 
fault of a youthful driver. This highlights the significant impact our young 
drivers have. This is largely due to their lack of experience, skill, and 
knowledge which can cause them to make reckless decisions and get easily 
distracted.

Therefore, educating young drivers is crucial to mitigate the risks and 
reduce their involvement in car crashes. Through KiwiDrive, we have created 
reliable quizzes and tests adapted from AA road code and drivingtests.co.nz 
to ensure credability.

Here, we learn New Zealand road safety knowledge in a fun and engaging way 
which equips our youth with the confidence, knowledge, and experience to make 
smarter decisions on the road. Ultimately, creating safer outcomes.


Quiz page content:
In quiz mode, there are a total of 3 quizzes to choose from, as seen below.
All of which consist of 10 - 15 questions with multiple choice answers. A 
correct answer will be indicated by a green tick. An incorrect answer is 
indicated by a red dot. 

DURING: As the questions are answered, you will be provided with the correct 
answer as a response. Please read the response to improve your understanding. 

AFTER: Once the quiz is completed, you will be provided with insights of the 
number of questions answered correctly/incorrectly and a percentage will be 
calculated. You can also access any results via the profile page.
Feel free to try more quizzes or test how much you know!


Test page content:
In test mode, there are a total of 25 quizzes which you are tested on. These 
cover general road safety test questions. Test conditions apply. Meaning there 
is no feedback provided and there is no indication of correct/incorrect answers 
until completion. 

BENEFITS:
- Reinforce learning through quizzes
- Gain confidence in road safety knowledge
- Measure your progress

AFTER: Once the test is completed, you will be provided with insights of the 
number of questions answered correctly/incorrectly and a percentage will be 
calculated. You can also access any results via the profile page.
Feel free to try again and improve your score or learn more through quizzes!