
    USER MANUAL -

    PURPOSE: To improve New Zealand road safety knowledge in youth aged 15-24.

    NOTE: For easier navigation, all buttons which are considered to perform an action are in gold, while the 
    signout button is red. If you wish to exit at any time, you can find this button consistently in the top 
    right corner of any window, where you will be asked to confirm your decision by clicking "yes" or "no".

    First window that appears: At the top of the page you will see a navigation bar with three buttons, two of 
    which can redirect you to the log in page or sign up page. Alternatively, you can click the exit button, and 
    a warning message will appear informing you that any progress you have made will NOT be saved, it will ask if 
    you would like to exit the program, click "Yes" or  "No".

    SIGNING UP: You can create an account by entering the following: First name, last name, username, password, 
    and confirmation of password. All of this information will be kept confidential and only accessed via your 
    username and password when you are logged in. To sign up, simply click the gold button at the bottom of the 
    page, and you will be informed of a successful sign up or an error made somewhere. For example, if your 
    passwords are not matching, you will be informed and can try again. Also the first name and last name must 
    contain letters only. If you accidentally clicked the sign up button you can click the log in button in the 
    top right corner of that page to be redirected or you can exit the programme via the first page. 

    To enter your birthdate, simply follow the birthdate format (dd/mm/yyyy). A short popup message will then 
    be displayed depending on your calculated age. For example, if you are in between the ages 15-24 which are 
    the target users of the program, then this message will say that the program features are tailored to you. 
    Otherwise, it will inform you that the program may not meet your individual needs. However, all users are 
    welcome to the program.

    LOGGIN IN: Username and password are necessary to gain access to any confidential information and use the program.

    HOME PAGE: Once successfully signed up or logged in, you will be redirected to the home page, where the 
    navigational bar can be found at the top of the window and on any page. The navigational bar can be used 
    to redirect you to other pages such as home, about, quiz, test, help, and profile. At the top of the page, 
    a title indicates which page you are on. The exit button is consistently on the top right corner. To get 
    started, try one of the quizzes found on quiz page.

    ABOUT PAGE: An introduction into New Zealand road safety is displayed, plus a brief overview of what this 
    program has to offer.

    QUIZ PAGE: There are three quizzes to choose from including behaviour, theory, and emergency. Please note 
    progress cannot be saved once exited. Correct answers are indicated by green font and incorrect answers are 
    indicated by red font. Throughout the quiz, you are provided feedback for wrong answers, please read them to 
    improve your knowledge. Insights are then calculated and presented at the end of the quiz which can be later 
    viewed in profile page. An introduction will also be displayed on this page with the above guidelines.

    TEST PAGE: There is one test consisting of 25 questions. Please note progress cannot be saved once exited. 
    Unlike the quizzes, there is no indication of correct/incorrect answers and no feedback is provided. 
    Calculated insights are presented at the end of the test which can also be viewed in profile page. A 
    brief introduction is displayed in this page outlining the above guidelines.

    PROFILE PAGE & SIGNING OUT: In this page, you can view all of your personal information which you have 
    provided including first name, last name, username, and birthdate. At the bottom of this page, there is 
    a signout button, which will ask you to confirm your intentions. Simply click "yes" or "no". Past quiz 
    and test results are displayed in a scrollable box, which is updated automatically each time you login. 
    Otherwise, reviewing your past results after just completing a quiz or test requires a refresh, in this 
    case simply click the show/update results button.

    INSIGHTS: Insights provided at the end of a quiz or test show the percentage of correct answers, number 
    of correct and wrong answers. To view your past results, you can find them on the profile page where you 
    can see the date and time of the specific quiz or test you took.

    Please enjoy the benefits this program has to offer!
